thank you
yeah I think it's amazing it's learning
this is just making things just more
efficient who wants to keep asking more
and more prompts the faster you can get
them to the end result the better off
you're gonna be
all right so we're going to talk about
how Auto gpts will change business and
marketing forever Auto gpts are they are
the ability for gpts to talk to each
other to communicate with each other and
basically to Auto prompt each other so
once you ask it one question it'll just
keep going down the list and it might
take you from the beginning to the end
with much less Human Assistance required
what are your thoughts Neil yeah I think
it's amazing uh from the aspect of it's
learning so when people are prompting
and they're asking questions and when
you are it's learning what are you
trying to solve for like what's the end
result you're trying to achieve and it's
trying to figure out what you need to
know every little thing in between so
that way it can just help you get to the
end result faster and this is just
making things just more efficient and
why wouldn't they do this who wants to
keep asking more and more prompts at the
end of the day you're just looking for
an answer to your problem or you're
looking to get a specific solution and
if they can help you get they're faster
it's a win-win let's say Neil's teaching
in India or something and I want to take
his talk and translate it over into
Mandarin and put my face on it so I
become a superstar in China or something
that's possible you can change
everything and it's gonna be that easy
to pull nefarious stuff and you better
believe there are Bad actors out there
so I believe business and marketing will
change there's going to be good actors
as well but fundamentally the the cost
of innovation and the cost of getting
things done now is going to decrease
quite a bit I'm not too worried about
the Bad actors you're going to see a lot
of these companies like the open areas
of the world set parameters and rules so
that way people can't use the technology
for abuse and I'm not saying it's going
to be perfect you're still going to get
some Bad actors but overall you're going
to see a lot of these platforms control
some of those things and you're going to
start seeing governments step in and
make sure that people aren't abusing and
trying to really hurt others just like
if you hack and you do mischievous
things depending on what you're doing
and I'm not a lawyer you could
potentially go to jail and there could
be some crazy ramifications for it but
going back to Auto GPT it's pretty much
learning at the end of the day why
should you have to be good at prompts
and type in tons of things to get the
answer that you're looking for when it
can just end up giving you the solution
and if you think about marketing your
goal as a marketer is to help people
solve their problems as fast as possible
whatever people have issues with or
whatever answers are looking for the
faster you can get them to the end
result the better off you're going to be
only 38 of Americans think that AI is a
net positive whereas 78 of the Indians
and the Chinese people believe it's a
net positive so you know your mileage
may vary
um that is what it is like
try to learn as much as you can try to
experiment as much as you can so you
don't fall behind now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out you
enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much